.\" $Id$
.TH vzmktmpl 8 "October 2009" "@PRODUCT_NAME_LONG@"
.SH NAME
\fBvzmktmpl\fR \- a tool for @PRODUCT_NAME_LONG@ template building.
.SH SYNOPSYS
\fBvzmktmpl\fR [\fIoptions\fR] \fImetafile\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
A tool for @PRODUCT_NAME_LONG@ template building.
Creates a @PRODUCT_NAME_LONG@ template and saves it as an rpm package.
Uses metafile as a source.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-pre-cache\fR \fBFILE\fR
To add a pre-cache script. The script will be run by \fBvzpkg\fR \fBcache\fR before the package installation in \fICT0\fR context.
.TP
\fB\-\-post-cache\fR \fBFILE\fR
To add a post-cache script. The script will be run by \fBvzpkg\fR \fBcache\fR after the package installation in \fICT0\fR context.
.TP
\fB\-\-pre-install\fR \fBFILE\fR
To add a pre-install script. The script will be run by \fBvzpkg\fR \fBinstall\fR before the package installation in a \fICT\fR context.
.TP
\fB\-\-post-install\fR \fBFILE\fR
To add a post-install script. The script will be run by \fBvzpkg\fR \fBcache\fR or \fBvzpkg\fR \fBinstall\fR after the package installation in a \fICT\fR context.
.TP
\fB\-\-pre-upgrade\fR \fBFILE\fR
To add a pre-upgrade script. The script will be run by \fBvzpkg\fR \fBupgrade\fR before the CT upgrade to this template in a \fICT\fR context.
.TP
\fB\-\-post-upgrade\fR \fBFILE\fR
To add a post-upgrade script. The script will be run by \fBvzpkg\fR \fBupgrade\fR after the CT upgrade to this template in a \fICT\fR context.
.TP
\fB\-\-pre-update\fR \fBFILE\fR
To add a pre-update script. The script will be run by \fBvzpkg\fR \fBupdate\fR before the package update in a \fICT\fR context.
.TP
\fB\-\-post-update\fR \fBFILE\fR
To add a post-update script. The script will be run by \fBvzpkg\fR \fBupdate\fR after the package update in a \fICT\fR context.
.TP
\fB\-\-pre-remove\fR \fBFILE\fR
To add a pre-remove script. The script will be run by \fBvzpkg\fR \fBremove\fR before the package removal in a \fICT\fR context.
.TP
\fB\-\-post-remove\fR \fBFILE\fR
To add a post-remove script. The script will be run by \fBvzpkg\fR \fBremove\fR after the package removal in a \fICT\fR context.
.TP
\fB\-\-environment\fR \fBFILE\fR
To add a file with environment variables list. This is a file of strings of the form key=value. This list will be used for OS template create/update cache commands only. These variables will be exported into \fICT\fR environment during packages scripts execution.
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-doc\fR \fBFILE\fR
To add a doc file.
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-spec-only\fR
To create the spec file only.
.TP
\fB\-r\fR, \fB\-\-srpm\fR
To build the source rpm only.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
To print help message and exit.
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Returns 0 on successful execution.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR vzpkg (8).
.BR vzpkg.metafile (5).
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2006-@LAST_COPYRIGHT_YEAR@, @COPYRIGHT_OWNER@. All rights reserved.
