.\" $Id$
.TH vzpkg.metafile 5 "May 2010" "@PRODUCT_NAME_LONG@"
.SH NAME
@PRODUCT_NAME_LONG@ template metafile.
.SH DEFINITIONS
\fBTemplate\fR - a set of packages with a common purpose or origin, managed together.
Typically an application or an operating system distribution. The templates are provided as rpm packages.
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
Metafile is a source file used by the vzmktmpl tool for template creation.
.SH SYNTAX
Strings that starts from "#" are ignored. Strings that starts from
"\e#" threated as commented strings that should be putted to template
package files.

The metafile consists of the following sections:

.IP \fB%osname\fR
Mandatory section.
.br
OS name.

.IP \fB%osver\fR
Mandatory section.
.br
OS version.

.IP \fB%osarch\fR
Mandatory section.
.br
OS architecture. The available values are: x86, x86_64.

.IP \fB%appname\fR
Mandatory section for application templates only.
.br
Application name.

.IP \fB%setname\fR
Optional.
.br
Additional package set name.

.IP \fB%upgradable_versions\fR
Optional.
.br
List of OS versions, which can be upgrade to this version.
Use for upgrade CT to this OS template.

.IP \fB%packages_0\fR
Mandatory section for debian/ubuntu OS template only.
.br
Debian and ubuntu install packages on fresh node in three stages:
.br
- install minimal chroot
.br
- install base packages
.br
- install remaining packages
.br
This section provide a list of packages to be used for creating a minimal
chroot environment. These packages will be installed one by one in
the specified order during the OS EZ template caching. If you wish several
packages to be simultaneously installed on the Node, you should specify the
package names on one line and separate them by spaces.

.IP \fB%packages_1\fR
Mandatory section for debian/ubuntu OS template only.
.br
List of basic packages requires for %packages successfully installation.

.IP \fB%packages\fR
Mandatory section.
.br
A list of other packages that are not listed as the
values of %package_0 and %package_1 and that you wish to 
have included in EZ template.
.br
Specifying rpm package names:
.br
name
.br
name.arch
.br
name-version
.br
name-version-release
.br
name-version-release.arch
.br
epoch:name-version-release.arch
.br
Specifying deb package names:
.br
name
.br
name=version
.br
Virtual package names does not supported.

.IP \fB%package_manager\fR
Mandatory section.
.br
Package manager short name.
.br
The available values are:
.br
	For x86 architecture:
.br
		rpm41s9x86 - rpm-4.1 for SLES-9
.br
		rpm41x86 - rpm-4.1 for SuSE-10+, SLES 10+
.br
		rpm43x86 - rpm-4.3 for RHEL 4 and Centos 4
.br
		rpm44x86 - rpm-4.4 used for RHEL 5, Centos 5
.br
		rpm47x86 - rpm-4.7 used for Fedora 11 and 12
.br
		dpkg - for debian/ubuntu
.br
	For x86_64 architecture:
.br
		rpm41s9x64 - rpm-4.1 for SLES-9
.br
		rpm41x64 - rpm-4.1 for SuSE-10+, SLES 10+
.br
		rpm43x64 - rpm-4.3 for RHEL 4 and Centos 4
.br
		rpm44x64 - rpm-4.4 used for RHEL 5, Centos 5
.br
		rpm47x64 - rpm-4.7 used for Fedora 11 and 12
.br
		dpkgx64 - for debian/ubuntu

.IP \fB%repositories\fR
.IP and/or
.IP \fB%mirrorlist\fR
Mandatory section.
.br
For rpm-based distributions: baseurl or mirrorlist yum updater.
Some alternative baseurls or mirrorlists may be used as "baseurl1 baseurl2 ..."

.IP \fB%distribution\fR
Optional
.br
Distribution type.
.br
The available values are: centos, debian, fedora-core, gentoo, mandrake,
redhat, redhat-7.1, redhat-7.2, redhat-7.3, slackware, slackware-9.1,
suse, suse-8.0, suse-8.1, suse-8.2

.IP \fB%description\fR
Optional.
.br
The template rpm description.

.IP \fB%version\fR
Optional.
.br
The template rpm version.

.IP \fB%release\fR
Optional.
.br
The template rpm release.

.IP \fB%license\fR
Optional.
.br
The template rpm license.

.IP \fB%changelog\fR
Optional.
.br
The template rpm changelog.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR vzpkg (8),
.BR vzmktmpl (8).
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2006-@LAST_COPYRIGHT_YEAR@, @COPYRIGHT_OWNER@. All rights reserved.
